what is up everybody stop your VTA and I
know I haven't had a video so I'm just
gonna make a short one today I'm really
excited to bring you this video
basically I'm coming to you today
talking about the amazing updates on the
g-force page for GTA 5 onpc which I'm
still awaiting I cannot wait that's
gonna be the thing I'm gonna be doing
I'm not gonna do anything else I'll play
that game as soon as it comes out so I'm
just taking a break from everything
hope you guys miss me and I'll be back
the thing I want to point out though is
amazing and I love this um it's saying
on the g-force page and all cited below
that the DirectX 11 will be supported TX
anti-aliasing 4k and dynamic sample
resolution will be all supported by GTA
5 on PC and if you go into more details
on it it actually goes in to tell you
that possibly it will support HB a oh
and if you don't know what that is that
is a type of ambient occlusion which
shows different shadows at different
angles and it looks way better than the
default into ambient occlusion and also
there's soft shadows and hard works hair
works they could be working like you
know in Far Cry 4 those fur it would be
really awesome to have all this
implemented and the other thing that is
really cool is that it possibly might
support other things like the physics
will be an a different support obviously
so hopefully the physics will be more
supportive for SLI instead of the
original GTA 4 and then TX a which is a
temporary anti aliasing thing and it
basically it's better than any other
anti aliasing especially when you're
trying to run like really good quality
at look at 1920 by 1080 P but it does
cost more than FX AAA and other
resolutions so I would recommend using
msaa if you're going to be doing high
resolutions like 4k or just don't use
any anti-aliasing at all if you're
running for kid and the other thing is
it's really nice and it's combined this
is basically made with combining the
high quality MSAA with multi sampling
anti-aliasing a little bit of
post-processing and the filters that
were designed by Nvidia and it's pretty
cool how it works because it works with
motion and it works really well
I just think that it's something awesome
to have it as an additional support for
this application and then we go move
them on a 4k obviously everybody knows
what 4k is and it runs native 4k which
means not that dynamic sample resolution
crap or it's downsampled to 4k to 1920
by 1080 P and rendered in 1920 by 1080 P
but actual true 4k which is really
exciting
and then the other thing obviously which
is really good for those um who are
trying to make other things dynamic
sample resolution is awesome and it's
good to be rendered like that as well so
it's gonna be really cool if this all
gets played out and can't wait hopefully
there'll be more releases on this and
keep in mind I was noting this before
minimum system requirements means
minimum and recommended is recommended
just like GTA 4 when it came out GTA 4
is requirements were let's see what we
got here GTA 4 is requirements were
recommended Windows Vista or XP and then
it recommended you having 16 gigabytes
of hard drive space and then it
recommends you having an Nvidia 7900 256
mega watt video card and also a to a
Core 2 Duo at 1.8 gigahertz or an app on
x2 at 2.4 gigahertz and that was just
the the system requirements now
obviously all the systems you know you
running GTA 4 now are like 4 years ahead
just to run GT 4 so hopefully this is
not gonna be the case with GTA 5 onpc
hopefully the 662 gigabytes and the i5
34 7d at 3.2 gigahertz and 65 gigabytes
of space and 8 gigs of ram will be
sufficient enough to run this on high
ultra settings because if not I'm gonna
be very very frustrated and then I was
thinking about that for longer pondering
it and I realized recommended is just
recommended this is minimum and this is
mid this is all this is a mid spec which
means this is just a running on mid
would this is pretty much a lot better
than ps3 so now that thing about it they
should actually start adding different
system requirements namely a minimum a
mid and then a ultra system requirement
so they should have a one that should
sufficiently run it on high
and they never have those but hopefully
they might start to have those now with
new systems now that we're coming up in
the world and everything's just really
nice with you know hardware and this
cheaper and stuff but that's pretty much
I'll have to say um thanks for watching
guys I will be back with another video
very soon I'm not sure what I'm gonna do
next but I might make another far cry
before video or something I'm just
waiting I'm just patiently waiting so
it's gonna be like another month before
I'll probably post some more videos so
please don't unsubscribe and thanks for
watching guys also stay tuned because
GTA 5 on PC will still be being released
to one lucky subscriber see you guys
later